non-executive chairman .
executive directors .
non-executive directors .
contingent liabilities as at 31 march 2007 , the group had no material contingent liabilities .
the directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2007 .
an analysis of the group's performance for the year by business and geographical segments is set out in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements .
results and appropriations the results of the group for the year are set out in the consolidated income statement on page 29 .
the directors have declared an interim dividend of hk1 cent per ordinary share , totaling hk $ 4,668,860 , which was paid on 15 january 2007 .
the directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend .
reserves movements in the reserves of the group and the company during the year are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements .
property , plant and equipment details of the movements in property , plant and equipment of the group are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements .
share capital details of share capital of the company are set out in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements .
distributable reserves distributable reserves of the company are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements .
in addition to the scheme limit , and subject to the following , the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options granted under the existing scheme and expired scheme of the company must not in aggregate exceed 10 % of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the scheme .
the company may , from time to time , renew the scheme mandate limit by obtaining the approval of its shareholders in general meeting .
the company may also seek separate approval by its shareholders in general meeting for granting options beyond the renewed scheme mandate limit provided the options in excess of such limit are granted only to participants specifically identified .
substantial shareholders'interests in the company as at 31 march 2007 , the register of substantial shareholders maintained under section 336 of the 'sfo' shows that the company had been notified of the following substantial shareholders'interests , being 5 % or more of the company's issued share capital .
note .
for the avoidance of doubt and double counting , it should be noted that the above shareholding has already been included in the shareholding stated against mr george ho shown above under directors'interests .
all the interests stated above represent long positions .
save as disclosed herein , there is no person known to the directors who , as at 31 march 2007 , was directly or indirectly interested in 5 % or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital of the company which are required to be recorded in the register kept pursuant to section 336 of the 'sfo' .
purchase , sale or redemption of listed securities neither the company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the company's securities during the year and the company has not redeemed any of its securities during the year .
pre-emptive rights no pre-emptive rights exist under the laws of bermuda in relation to issues of new shares by the company .
management contracts no contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the company were entered into or existed during the year .
corporate governance practices the company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance .
the directors believe that sound and reasonable corporate governance practices are essential for the growth of the group and for safeguarding and maximizing shareholders'interests .
in the opinion of the directors , the company has complied with the code provisions save for deviations as set out below .
code provision a .
1 code a .
1 stipulates that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term and subject to re-election .
the term of office for non-executive directors is the same as for all directors .
at each annual general meeting , one-third of the directors shall retire from office by rotation and every director shall retire from office not later than the third annual general meeting after he was last elected .
remuneration of directors and senior management particulars of the remuneration and share option benefits of directors and senior management for the fiscal year ended 31 march 2007 are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements .
nomination of directors no nomination committee has been set up by the board .
any board member is entitled to recommend suitable candidates that meet the requirements of the listing rules for consideration by the board .
segment reporting a business segment is a group of assets and operations engaged in providing products or services that are subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other business segments .
a geographical segment is engaged in providing products or services within a particular economic environment that are subject to risks and returns that are different from those of segments operating in other economic environments .
summary of significant accounting policies 2 .
16 revenue recognition revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of the group's activities .
revenue is shown as follows .
financial quotation subscription fee income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the subscription period .
revenue from securities trading system licensing and wireless applications is recognised when services are rendered .
dividend income is recognised when the company's right to receive payment is established .
interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method .
when a receivable is impaired , the group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount , being the estimated future cash flow discounted at the original effective interest rate of the instrument , and continues unwinding the discount as interest income .
rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term .
critical accounting estimates and assumptions the group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future .
the estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below .
30 % limit the limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the existing scheme and expired scheme of the company must not exceed 30 % of the shares in issue from time to time .
10 % limit in addition to the scheme limit , and subject to the following , the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options granted under the existing scheme and expired scheme of the company must not in aggregate exceed 10 % of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the scheme .
the company may , from time to time , renew the scheme mandate limit by obtaining the approval of its shareholders in general meeting .
the company may also seek separate approval by its shareholders in general meeting for granting options beyond the renewed scheme mandate limit provided the options in excess of such limit are granted only to participants specifically identified .
maximum entitlement of each participant unless approved by shareholders of the company , the total number of securities issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant in any 12 month period must not exceed 1 % of the shares in issue .
where any further grant of options to a participant would result in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such person in the 12 month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1 % of the relevant class of securities in issue , such further grant must be separately approved by shareholders of the company in general meeting with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting .
price of shares the exercise price must be at least the higher of .
the nominal value of a share at the date of grant .
the closing price of a share as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the stock exchange on the date of grant , which must be a business day and the average closing price of a share as stated in the stock exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant .
